um g1 Megatron I did improve him though
as for using this part to hook up gun
piece on so it's not completely attached
on so that way when you take it off um
pieces don't cut off so yeah yeah he
same height he has a different kind of
trigger though mm shorter then you will
Megatron just because of the extra
silent sets if you make the science a
little shorter he would actually be as
long as if you want Megatron even longer
because Joe and Megatron has the stock
so yeah okay I haven't found a use for
this part that on top of him but yeah I
put a little red here just because I
needed the hinge piece so sorry about
that but yeah I'm you can see two things
in there the one on the arm well from
the youtubes perspective on the right
right there the grey one is supposed to
be on the hand part and the black is
supposed to be the gun part I think
there was like handing gun part but yeah
so put the toy yellow dots there I don't
know why and yeah of course so I can
flop about loosely if you have to hold
them together so they don't fall apart
and yeah first take this part off wait
here I haven't found a use for this part
yet though and when you put it back on
it's kind of impossible to so you have
to take this part off and then put it
back in on timing and then put it like
this so yeah first take that part off
now put the legs down flip the arms down
that's where I met by a little purple
there flip the head up and done here is
g1 shockwave and you know the head has
like a black part and then there's a
yellow I in the mail so yeah let's try
to indicate that i made these two these
lights here I don't know why the
articulation the legs first turn move
like that articulating the arms a little
more dis dis so with the other our
market in the head can't move any
forward but can move backwards like a
little more than 90 degrees so um yeah
but we'll find a use for this I was
hoping can like mmm attach onto his arm
or something so it's like um it's like a
cannon like it I'm white like cannon
like this but yeah I will find you for
it sooner so yeah so yeah I've stopped
the recording found a use for it but as
you have seen I don't know if it's used
in the toy as something the gree bit but
aged as his cannon but then it makes his
articulation shorter only like this so
yeah that's really lame and it's
attached by this hopefully it's a lot to
do that it so that way it won't get in
the way when it transforms but yeah um
yes I lost over here grid to indicate
his waist this part that sticks up yes
that sticks up that's pretty cool
and then hand gun dude dab oh yeah
whatever and then his legs are really
simple so yeah and his head he's really
simple to make so I'd be glad to make
instructions for those who want to we
don't have a good view one shock wave on
that as good is mine or don't have one
at all or just want to know I'll make it
yeah we go out to post instructions on
and um yeah you can actually see what
he's made of here so you don't actually
need instructions but yeah just if you
want it and the lights are optional oh
yeah sorry but um I couldn't find
another blue p so i made this piece grey
and also um yeah I had to make this
piece grey but it's still really cool so
thanks for watching hope I see y'all all
again yes so as you can see you near
take off just wait not that piece that
piece when I meant to be taken off and
take off this piece this piece piece
right here and then put it on his legs
like that then take this piece put this
on here like that
and if you don't think that's secure
enough you could actually i'll change
that piece this to one of these purple
pieces because it doesn't hold on to it
that long that much so yeah like that to
hold it on hold on to it and on the
right here I'll put this so I'm yeah
thanks for watching yours truly ninja
brake master two three four sign out